Document default CSP #371 (#374)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/release/upgrade.adoc

== v7.9 notes

* <<deployment/config#_portal, Portal config>> now specifies default Content-Security-Policy for page `preview`/`inline`/`edit` mode (it does not affect `live` mode) .

> It is possible to turn the header off or configure via `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` value.

Reviewer: It is possible to configure the header via `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` value or go back to previous behaviour by setting `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` to an empty value.

> It is possible to turn the header off or configure via `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` value.

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to configure the header via `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` value or go back to previous behavior by setting `page.defaultContentSecurityPolicy` to an empty value.
```
